
 CSS : it is used to design webapp and to make it responsive.
      -css stands for Cascading Style Sheet.
      -latest version of css is css-3


Types of CSS:
     1: Inline CSS :Inside a starting tag we use style attribute and in that we write property and value.
     2: Internal CSS :In html file we use style tag in that we select element apply css property.
      Syntax :   selector{
                property:value;
                property:value;
                property:value;
                }
    3: external CSS :In this we create a seperate css file and import that css in html file head portion.
     Syntax :   selector{
                property:value;
                property:value;
                property:value;
                }


selectors in css: selecting an element
    1: element or tag name selector : in this we use element or tag name to apply css property.
    2: group selector :in this we make group selector to apply css property.
    3: id selector(#) :if you have to apply css property to an single element in that case we use it.
    4: class selector(.) :when you have to apply bunch of css property to specific element in that case we use it.
    5: universal selector (*):when we have to apply all css property to all element available in html page.          


Border : A line around an element

BOX MODEL : it contains four point
 1. content : it can be any image or text.
 2. padding :it is use to clear area between content and element border.
 3. border : a line drawn around an element.
 4. margin :it is used to clear area outside element border.



 NOTE : INCLINE element can be convert BLOCK Element using "display  : block"

 (visibility : hidden )---- id hides the img and space remains constant we cannot access that space.
 (display : none )-------id hides tha img and space also we can access



POSITION : 
           -it is use to move element after applying left,right,top,bottom property value.
           -by default every element has position: static
                  1. position: static; (default)
                  2. position: relative; e;elementwill move from left,right,top and bottom side.
                  3. position: absolute; when we want to move child element according to its parent element.
                  4. position: fixed; when we have to fixed on screen window.
                  5.position: sticky; when we have to stick elementon screen window.


Media query: it is used to apply diiferent style rule to an element according to different screen width;
     Syntax : @media screen and (screen-width){
        css code
     }                   

     device screen-width >= 1200px XL screen
     device screen-width >= 992px LG screen
     device screen-width >= 768px MD screen
     device screen-width >= 576px SM screen
     device screen-width < 576px XSM screen


     screen width :
         1. max_width : css property will be applicable from its minimum width to its max width but not above to it.
         2. min_width : css property will be applicable from its minimum width to above.



Box-Sizing : it includes element border size and element padding size in its actual width
     box-sizing:border-box;


FlOAT : it is used to move block element side by side.
       - it has three values----Left,Right,None     


OVERFLOW : it is used to fit big content into small box.
        - overflow:visible;  (default)
        - overflow:hidden;  //content going outside will be hide.
        - overflow:scroll; // it will fix big content into box and and add scroll bar.

FLEX : it is used to manage website layout with different screen width.
      - to use it we have to apply "display:flex"                        